DOCS-2565: Add point cloud support to realsense (#46)
viamrobotics/viam-camera-realsense: README.md

# [`realsense` module](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/realsense)

> This [module](https://docs.viam.com/registry/#modular-resources) implements the [`rdk:component:camera` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/) in an `viam:camera:realsense` model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [module](https://docs.viam.com/registry/#modular-resources) implements the [`rdk:component:camera` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/) in a `viam:camera:realsense` model.
```

> Configure this model on your machine to stream image and depth data from the [Intel® RealSense™](https://github.com/IntelRealSense/librealsense) family of cameras to Viam.

Reviewer: Nit: can probably skip the trademarks

```suggestion
Configure this model on your machine to stream image and depth data from the [Intel RealSense](https://github.com/IntelRealSense/librealsense) family of cameras to Viam.
```

Edit the attributes as applicable.

> [!NOTE]  
> For more information, see [Configure a Machine](https://docs.viam.com/manage/configuration/).

## Attributes

The following attributes are available for `viam:camera:realsense` cameras:

| Name | Type | Inclusion | Description |
| ---- | ---- | --------- | ----------- |

> | `sensors` | list | **Required** | The RealSense data streams you want your robot to sense from. A list that contain the strings `color` and/or `depth`. The sensor that comes first in the list is designated the "main sensor", and is the image that gets returned by `get_image` calls and appears in the **Control** tab on the [Viam app](https://). If you would like a list of images from all listed sensors simultaneously, use `get_images`.  |

Author: ```suggestion
| `sensors` | list | **Required** | The RealSense data streams you want your robot to sense from. A list that contain the strings `color` and/or `depth`. The sensor that comes first in the list is designated the "main sensor", and is the image that gets returned by `get_image` calls and appears in the **CONTROL** tab on the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com). If you would like a list of images from all listed sensors simultaneously, use `GetImages()`.  |
```

}
```

## Test the module

Before testing the module, make sure that your machine is connected to the Viam app, displaying as **Live** in the part status dropdown in the top right corner of the machine's page.

### Camera API

Once the `realsense` model is configured on your machine, you can access the depth and color data the camera streams through the [Viam camera API](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#api).
The following methods of the Viam camera API are supported:

> - [`GetPointCloud`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getpointcloud)

Author: @hexbabe would it be correct to say that `GetPointCloud` is depth, `GetImage` color and `GetImages` both and should I add that info here if so?

Reviewer 2: Hmm, sometimes `GetPointCloud` returns a point cloud with color data. Looks kinda like my slack profile pic. So point clouds are always depth and sometimes color.

![Screenshot 2024-06-18 at 11 37 21 AM](https://github.com/viamrobotics/viam-camera-realsense/assets/55464069/727e5afd-8bd4-49aa-b704-f72a03e64047)

Author: Woah

Author: Thank you!

Reviewer 2: Np!

> - [`GetPointCloud`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getpointcloud)

Author: ```suggestion
- [`GetPointCloud`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getpointcloud): always depth and sometimes color
```

> - [`GetImage`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getimage)

Author: ```suggestion
- [`GetImage`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getimage): color
```

> - [`GetImages`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getimage)

Author: ```suggestion
- [`GetImages`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getimages)
```

> - [`GetImages`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getimages)

Author: ```suggestion
- [`GetImages`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getimages): both depth and color
```

> - [`GetPointCloud`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getpointcloud): always depth and sometimes color
> - [`GetImage`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getimage): color
> - [`GetImages`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getimages): both depth and color
> - [`GetProperties`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getproperties)

Reviewer: Nit: if some descriptions provided, provide all. Little more context per as well:

```suggestion
- [`GetPointCloud`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getpointcloud): returns depth data and can return color data depending on the provided image
- [`GetImage`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getimage): returns color data
- [`GetImages`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getimages): returns both depth and color data
- [`GetProperties`](https://docs.viam.com/components/camera/#getproperties): returns intrinsic properties of a camera
```

### CONTROL tab of app.viam.com

You can view the data your camera streams live on the **CONTROL** tab of the Viam app.
For more information, see [Control Machines](https://docs.viam.com/fleet/control/).

### Locally install the module

> If you do not want to use the Viam registry, for Linux distros, download the module AppImage from our servers to your robot.
> 
> ```
> sudo curl -o /usr/local/bin/viam-camera-realsense http://packages.viam.com/apps/camera-servers/viam-camera-realsense-latest-aarch64.AppImage

Reviewer: Adding a link to local module instructions:

````suggestion
If you are using a Linux machine, and do not want to use the Viam registry, you can download the module AppImage from our servers directly to your machine.

```
sudo curl -o /usr/local/bin/viam-camera-realsense http://packages.viam.com/apps/camera-servers/viam-camera-realsense-latest-aarch64.AppImage
```

Then, follow the instructions to [add a local module](https://docs.viam.com/registry/configure/#add-a-local-module) to add the local instance of the `realsense` module to your machine.
Provide an **Executable path** of `/usr/local/bin/viam-camera-realsense` when adding the module.

````
